th centuri shark known marin sea dog etymologi word shark uncertain theori deriv yucatec maya word 
xok pronounc shok evid etymologi come oxford english dictionari note shark came use sir john hawkin 
sailor exhibit london post shark refer larg shark caribbean sea middl english dictionari record 
isol occurr word shark refer sea fish letter written thoma beckington rule new world etymologi 
altern etymologi state origin sens word predat prei dutch schurk mean villain scoundrel cf card 
shark loan shark later appli fish predatori behaviour evolut photo dozen yellowish fossil teeth 
teeth variou size spread randomli flat black surfac collect cretac shark teeth evolut fish evid 
exist shark date ordovician period million year ago land vertebr exist plant colon contin scale 
recov shark paleontologist agre true shark suspect scale actual thelodont agnathan oldest gener 
accept shark scale million year ago silurian period shark look differ modern shark major modern 
shark trace million year ago fossil teeth larg number partial skeleton complet fossil remain discov 
estim suggest shark grow ten thousand teeth lifetim explain abund fossil teeth consist easili 
fossil calcium phosphat apatit shark di decompos skeleton break scatter apatit prism preserv 
requir rapid burial sediment ancient primit shark cladoselach million year ago paleozo strata 
ohio kentucki tennesse point earth histori rock soft sediment larg shallow ocean stretch north 
america cladoselach metr ft long stiff triangular fin slender jaw teeth point cusp wore use small 
number teeth like cladoselach did replac teeth regularli modern shark caudal fin similar shape 
great white shark pelag shortfin longfin mako presenc fish arrang tailfirst stomach suggest fast 
swimmer great agil fossil shark million year ago assign group xenacanthida exclus freshwat environ 
time group extinct million year ago spread worldwid group hybodont appear million year ago live 
ocean freshwatercit need result studi gill structur unusu wellpreserv million year old fossil 
suggest shark live fossil evolv extens previous thought hundr million year 